A Short Story...

Bruce awoke instantaneously at 06:00 am sharp, expecting a long day of
helping his boss, Hava. He took a look at Hava's daily schedule and
then went to the mail box to see what other meetings and appointments
he would have to squeeze in today.  There was a request for an urgent
meeting from Doris, Seppo's assistant.  He contacted Doris, informing
her that Hava had an half an hour vacant at 10:00 am or at 5:00 pm and
that Hava personally preferred morning meetings.  Doris confirmed
10:00 am and Bruce posted a note for Hava.  Next on his agenda, Bruce
went about sorting through the rest of Hava's mail and news bulletins,
picking out a select few that he believed would satisfy her reading
habits and preferences.  At about 9:30 am he caught a message from
Hava's best friend that tonight she was free.  Knowing that Hava likes
going with her friend to movies and that she had not as yet seen
"Brave Heart" with Mel Gibson , her favorite actor, Bruce decided to
buy them a pair of tickets to the early show and make reservations at
Hava's favorite restaurant.  He stepped out and zipped over to the
mall, to the ticket agency, and discretely bought the tickets with
Hava's Visa number.  He returned with a big smile on his face and
notified Hava of her evenings plans.  At about 01:00 pm he received an
urgent message from Hava telling him that she was happy about tonight's
arrangements, but did not want to see "Brave Heart" because it was too
violent for her.  Bruce noted Hava's aversion to violent films for
future reference and hurried back to the mall to try and sell the
tickets to someone else and then buy tickets to "Sense and
Sensibility" (Hava just loves Emma Thompson).  At 7:00 pm, before
leaving for the movie, Hava notified Bruce that he had done well today
and then she turned off the computer (including Bruce her intelligent
agent software) for the night.


(adapted from http://t2.technion.ac.il/~s3180501/agent.html#short)




